You are watching and listening to the
Electronic Intifada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
of Israel's genocide in Gaza. It's the
13th day of the US uh and Israel's war
on Iran and 10th day of uh this newest
ground um
of the war in Lebanon. Um I am reporting
this on the afternoon of March the 12th.
Things are moving quickly, uh but this
report is covering the second week of
the war. Um we'll start with the maps as
we always do. We got some new fresh ones
for everybody to see. Targeting um of US
positions across the region,
particularly in the UAE, Bahrain,
Kuwait, um Qatar there, Saudi Arabia.
Those are two critical bases and the CIA
station in Riyadh that you see there
targeted. Um up through Kuwait has been
hammered. Kuwait is a major hub of US um
forces in the region and has been since
the early 1990s.
Uh a lot of targets all over
all over Iraq. Uh American bases all
over the the region uh of Iraq from the
2003 war. And then of course you can see
Jordan there. That's Muwaffaq al-Salti
airbase that is the key expeditionary
airbase for the United States Air Force
right now. Uh and it's been targeted
numerous times. We're going to get into
what was targeted on those bases coming
up. But if we take a look at the next
map, you can see a little bit of a zoom
in on first this shows just the
proximity
uh of these targets. Um Bahrain, Qatar,
UAE. We're looking at a map that shows
the Strait of Hormuz and Iran at the top
just um
within 50 uh to 100 km from these uh
major US installations,
multi-billion-dollar installations that
are just getting hammered uh right now.
Um and uh the as Ali reported in his uh
solid report, uh the IRGC has promised
not a leader of oil um that will benefit
the US, the Zionists, or their partners
will pass through the Strait of Hormuz,
but they've done that verbally. Um there
has been no uh very limited military
action. A couple of tankers, a number of
tankers have been targeted, US uh
flagged tankers. Um
but you can see the Strait of Hormuz,
how tiny it is on that map, and that
includes the territorial waters of Iran.
If we look at the next map, you can see
it from an even um
This map shows again the targets in the
region with a little bit more
uh colorful outline. There you see the
embassy in Riyadh. The CIA station was
hit there, and that forced all CIA
stations in the region to evacuate.
Those are mostly set up in the embassies
and consulates. So you can see them
targeted
uh on this map as well. And then this
next map shows you um
This shows you the topography. And
again, I don't want to predict the war
can spiral out of control. But when you
look at this map, first of all, the
Strait of Hormuz is shown there in the
dead center. When you take the
territorial waters of Iran into
question, you're talking like uh
hundreds of feet um of area that is
international waters, easy to be closed.
You can see that escorting uh ships
escorting uh
tankers through that are going to be
running a gauntlet um of anti-ship
missiles that are firing um
in some distances as as close as you can
throw a baseball it looks like from this
map. But also look at the country of
Iran when we're talking about a ground
war. You're talking about mountainous
region.
Um the core of the US forces are down in
the south. The capital is up in the
north, also surrounded by mountains. Um
it's just a completely different story
than um smashing Libya or smashing
Syria, which itself took a decade uh to
do. And you look at a full state like
Iran, the size of the country, the depth
that they have of human resources and uh
military hardware. Um this war could
escalate, but you can see the reasons
why it may not when you look at um at
this map there that you're seeing. Um
And I just want to start here with a
little bit of what the Americans and
Israelis are doing. If we look at number
five, they decided this week to target
uh oil depots. Um Strikes me as a sign
of desperation to be hitting these um
installations so early. Um things are
not going as planned for the US um and
Israel. And this was Israel targeting
these. Um According to the Israelis,
they have 80% of their air force um
targeting Iran and 20% targeting Lebanon
right now. This happened on the weekend.
The Red Crescent reporting 14,000
housing units damaged. Um
Um 29 hospitals targeted, nine of them
destroyed or out of service. 65 schools
targeted.
Um so we're seeing again Israel uh being
Israel here. Um let's look at number six
cuz of course this is basically chemical
warfare. On the night of March 7th to
the 8th, um Israeli air strikes hit
multiple fuel depots and refineries
across Tehran and the neighboring Alborz
province, igniting vast pools of crude
oil and refined fuel. The burning oil
was sent into towering black plumes into
the sky, releasing massive amounts of
toxic hydrocarbons along with sulfur and
nitrogen oxides into the lower
atmosphere. And we're looking at a
graphic here put together by Reuters
that shows uh the toxic plume uh taking
over a city uh
a city itself of 10 million,
metropolitan area of 20 million. This is
a world uh class city um with its uh
similar density to many of the
uh world-class cities that you're
thinking about right now. Um in the next
slide, you can see that it starts to
take over and spread. As the toxic plume
spread across Tehran, sulfur dioxide and
nitrogen dioxide combined with moisture
in the air, producing dangerous acid
rain. It oiled rained on them. Uh
authorities warned residents to stay
indoors as dense pollution and falling
rain carried corrosive chemicals across
the city. Um one more slide will show
um the impact on the human.
Um the toxic particles are inhaled.
Inhaling acidic particles can irritate
the airways, aggravate asthma and
bronchitis, and allow uh fine particles
to reach the bloodstream where they can
increase cardiovascular stress. I think
that's all obvious. You don't want to be
uh breathing oil smoke and being rained
on by oil rain. And that is the kind of
crimes that Israel just normalizes uh in
their in their war fighting. And I I
like to just start with that so we
understand um
the human toll of what's going on in
this battle. Let's take a look at the
Iranians for their part. Um these are
their missiles and drones that they're
using. Of course the Shahed 136 is the
primary tool. 2500 km range um allows it
to target anything in the region from
the coast of Israel um all the way to uh
the short haul uh right across the
strait where a lot of the Gulf uh bases
uh are set up. The Imad um ballistic
missile there. We've seen them used
basically every day. The Fattah is a
hypersonic that has a
uh maneuverable reentry vehicle. It's a
significant weapon that we have also
seen nearly in every um wave. The way
that the IRGC has fought this battle is
um the field reports are done in waves.
Wave 42 was today. Uh and the
Khorramshahr 4. That is um
uh their newest missile, and it has a um
submunitions capacity. So that warhead
breaks apart um and distributes smaller
warheads that are harder to intercept.
We will see that um coming up. The IRGC
has fired upwards of 3,000 drones at
this point and 600 ballistic missiles,
almost 600 ballistic missiles. Also some
cruise missiles in that 600 number. And
they are saying 40% are targeting Israel
and 60% versus US bases. They've
targeted 17 vessels uh out in the sea.
CENTCOM for its part, the United States
says they've carried out more than 6,000
air strikes, and the Israelis say 7,500
bombs have been dropped. But the
Iranians are continuing to fire um
undeterred by this. Uh we can see on the
next slide the rest of their arsenal
because interestingly, with all these
think tanks getting their
uh multi-million-dollar
uh endowments not and following Iran
like this, this is the Center for the
International Center for Strategic and
International Studies, and they don't
have a graphic that includes all of the
missiles that Iran is firing. So I had
to pull together multiple graphics. Um
which should tell you something about
these um these
organizations that have been
pro-sanction, pro-war on Iran for
decades, um and still don't even aren't
even capable of logging correctly the
number of missiles and the missile
capabilities on a single slide. So um I
used multiple here. So um again, here
you're seeing the Sejil. This is their
newest um one. We haven't seen that
used. It's most advanced. The Imad, like
I said, being used all the time. The
Ghadr all the time as well. And the
Shahab 3 you'll see uh launched in uh
upcoming
uh, slides. This is 11, so 12 has audio
in it. Oh, this is 11. Okay. So, this is
the
Khorramshahr.
Um, this is the um,
ballistic missile that launches 80
sub-munitions out of the warhead and
we'll see footage of that, um, coming
up. Our next slide here has audio in it,
so be prepared for that.
So, we're going to see all of their
weapons launched in this series of
launches. And just to give you a sense
of how the field reports are done.
Um, for example, the 34th wave uh,
earlier this week the IRGC said uh, IRGC
said the firing of a targeted system of
powerful and strategic Qader, Emad, and
Fateh missiles um, and the Kheibar
hypersonic missile in the 34th wave of
Operation True Promise 4 has entered the
battlefield with the American and
Zionist aggressors into a new phase. Um,
the gathering place of American soldiers
at two bases in Al Dhafra uh, and Al
Jaber, that's in the UAE and Bahrain
were effectively targeted by the firing
of the IRGC aerospace missiles and the
vanguard attack of
drones.
Um, and they wrapped they said what they
were targeting Ramat David uh, David
airbase um, in northern Israel, Haifa's
naval base
um, and installations around Tel Aviv
including the hidden missile launchers
in front of Tel Aviv. Um, and at the end
they say Iran's target bank for
attacking American and Zionist regime
military and infrastructure resources in
the region is 10 times the targets
available um, to the incapable enemies.
Security and stability in the region is
either for everyone or it's for no one.
So, that was their report from um,
uh, from the 34th wave. Uh, we are now
at 42nd
wave today um, and these attacks are
coming steady. One thing that the
Israelis say um, the Americans do,
they're constantly saying that the
rocket fire uh, missile fire is down x
number of percentages to try to make it
sound like Iran cannot fire um, the
missiles. But, what they're comparing it
to is on the first day when they fired
300 missiles um, and that was just the
opening day salvo. This is how they've
handled the war since then, roughly 20
um, ballistic missiles a day along with
hundreds of drones.
Um, and that has been um, the way they
fire. Israel has said this week that 800
missiles and drones as of Tuesday have
been fired at them from Iran. They said
the IDF said that about half of the
roughly 300 ballistic missiles Iran has
launched um, into Israel so far have
been of the sub-munition warhead. Um,
yeah, and two people were killed in
Israel this week. Um, and you can see in
these launches that they're they're some
double launches. They're also using
operational security that we saw all
over Gaza, the way they and Hezbollah,
the way like you see here. They're
blurring um, the mountain range that
they're firing out, but you can see that
they're firing from different areas
because we previously hadn't seen
um, those mountains. We hadn't seen
those flat areas in the same way, so
they're clearly firing from all over the
country. It's a massive uh, country. Um,
the next slide
that we will see is the arrival of one
of these sub-munitions.
Oh my god.
Holy [__]
So, you can see there the way that they
um, they de-
the sub-munitions come out. Um, these
are the ones from the Khorramshahr that
are 80 um, but there's also uh, refitted
warheads on the on the Qader which is 15
to 20 of those. Um,
and the next slide uh, as well is the
arrival of
um,
a sub-munition of the Khorramshahr.
And you can see by this these these are
single missiles. Israel is trying to get
these called cluster bombs. They want
them to be associated with cluster
munitions that the international
community has outlawed. Um, I'll get a
um,
a bit more into that after we see this
next one cuz they're clearly not uh,
cluster bombs. That's a single strike
uh, of a sub-munition that could be shot
out of the air by any of Israel's four
air defense systems if they worked. Um,
we'll explain in a bit why they're not
working as well uh, also.
Um, so 15, yeah.
As you can see this is from a traffic
camera
landing in the middle of a an open
street there. Also no sirens uh, on
those last two ones which I think are
notable. Israelis certainly thought they
were notable.
Um,
and you can see in the next slide you
can see the um, the depth of the impact
and the car flipped over there. We're
looking at two Israeli soldiers with
their faces blurred because they're
criminals and they all know it and their
army knows it and they don't put any
pictures of them up now. Usually they
turn their heads which is what they're
doing here. We're looking at the side of
their face and the other guy has his
back turned. That's how we see even
Israeli graduations these days um,
because they have a feeling that justice
may catch up to them for this war for
them that is now 880 days
uh, into their genocidal rampage.
Um, the next slide you'll see is what
the sub-munition looks like. Um, that's
roughly the size uh, several kilos of
explosives in each one uh, [snorts] and
they're in the nose cone of the re-entry
vehicle um, and they break apart as we
saw in those previous videos. But, what
Israel is trying to do is call them
bombs which are a horrendous weapon that
puts miniature bomblets. The bomb breaks
open and it showers a small area with
hundreds if not thousands of small
bombs. Um, and this is something that
Israel did famously, infamously um, at
the end of the July 20 2006 war in
Lebanon. When they had realized that
they had lost the war, they sued for
peace and then they fired uh, in the
last days
cluster bombs. Let's go to the next
slide cuz this is a a slide from uh,
Haaretz newspaper in Israel that says
IDF commander we fired more than a
million cluster bombs in Lebanon. The
subtitle says phosphorus and cluster
bombs heavily used unexploded munitions
litter a wide area of Lebanon. And I was
in Lebanon at that time and it it they
were everywhere. They were hanging from
trees, they were in people's houses,
they were in the gardens and the
shrubbery so you couldn't see them.
They're just small and uh, they're
deadly. This is what the article said
um,
quoting uh, the head of the IDF
rocket unit. What we did was insane and
monstrous. We covered entire towns in
cluster commander the rocket unit head
start stated that the IDF fired 1,800
cluster bombs
containing over 1.2 million cluster
bomblets. In addition, soldiers in the
IDF artillery units testified that their
army used phosphorus shells during the
war forbidden under international law
and that the rocket multiple launch
rocket systems were highly inaccurate.
So, these are cluster bombs. They're all
in one area
and they're intended to kill civilians.
The sub-munitions that is coming out of
a ballistic missile has spreads them out
over multiple kilometer range.
Um, all it is doing is making a single
missile into um, a dozen or dozens of
uh, missiles to be intercepted. And that
those interceptions are supposed to
happen by Israel's layered multi-billion
dollar hundreds of billions of dollars
air defense system uh, and it's not. And
they're trying to call them cluster
munitions um,
because
that's what Israel does. Projects the
things that they do criminally and hope
that they can make it stick onto
somebody else. Um, let's take a look at
the next one. We're going to watch the
launch of Shahed drones here.
So, this is some of the 3,000 drones
that have been launched so far. They can
take off from there. You can see they
don't need a they don't need to be
truck-mounted, although we have seen
truck-mounted with racks that can send
out a dozen at a time, but you can also
send these from the desert um and fire
them off um relatively safely in
comparison to
uh other munitions. So this this type of
weapon is um is not going to run out um
and it's been very, very effective and
you're looking at um
the Navy's uh drones there. So if we
look at the next slide, we also have
audio in this for the launch of
um drones and cruise missiles. This is
number 18 we're at now.
That's the Pa- That's the Pava cruise
missile that you can see and we're going
to see later in the show that the Iraqi
resistance is using that uh same type of
drone. We also saw the Hadid 110 for the
first time. It's a small turbo engine um
with uh 350 km max that carries a 30
kilo payload and we've seen these be
used by the Iranian Navy on targets um
in the Gulf that are close to them. We
also have audio in on this next one for
launches. Um These are launched by the
Iranian
army um which is also in the battle
along with the um
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. So
this is number 19 with audio.
So you could see those launches again.
The White House press secretary Karine
Jean-Pierre said this week that she
confirmed a report by Reuters that said
as many as 150 troops have been injured
since military operations began a week
ago saying that number of injured is in
the ballpark of 150, something that had
been covered up up until now. Pentagon
spokesman Shawn Parnell told the
Associated Press that eight US soldiers
have been severely injured noting that
the majority of the injuries have been
minor um with uh some returning to duty.
Seven US service members have been
acknowledged to have died so far, six of
whom were killed in Kuwait and another
in Saudi Arabia. Um
Let's take a look at number 19B here.
We're going to uh see the targeting of
the Kuwaiti base with a drone from the
Kuwaiti base.
Oh [__]
And the American soldier there.
>> god.
This is in Camp Buehring.
Um and an interesting side note, it's
named after the one of the
highest-ranking officers that was killed
in the Iraq war and he was killed in
2003 in the Al-Rasheed Hotel in Baghdad
and he was killed in an assassinate
assassination attempt on Paul Wolfowitz
who was the uh biggest pusher and
architect of the Iraq war. Um Wolfowitz
survived, but uh Buehring didn't and
they renamed this base um after him and
the base is a miniature city. As people
may know um these bases essentially
become American cities. Um I watched a
report on this particular base last
night and they were in subway, they were
in an arcade, they have uh you know,
basketball courts and gyms, they have
full bus system um residence quarters.
They're they're sprawling miniature
sovereign US territory. And so the
reason why these are being targeted um
they've been known in this region for a
long time and it speaks to um to the
longevity of this um
war in Iraq, war in the region, global
war on terror that normalized these
bases um that are now being destroyed to
such a level that rebuilding them um I I
think rebuilding them could come into
question. The destruction level um is
such they're also largely abandoned. So
their utility in this key moment is uh
drastically
uh reduced. Let's take a look at number
21. This is an IRGC drone versus a US
hotel in Bahrain.
And the IRGC said on this the flight of
the cowardly American soldiers from
regional bases, they're taking refuge in
hotels and host countries and their
criminal US Army's use of civilian
facilities in the Persian Gulf countries
as cover do not escape the intelligence
monitoring of the IRGC. The brave
soldiers of the IRGC are laying in wait
to hunt the soldiers of the aggressor
American Army and will not let them go.
And just on a side note the number of
locals killed in these operations are
very low. In the UAE in the total in the
13 days, there's been four people
killed. They were migrant workers um who
presumably didn't have the rights to
leave the job sites in the way that um
the locals do. There's two in Kuwait,
both migrant workers two in Saudi, also
migrant workers, and one in Bahrain. So
when you're talking about the scale of
destruction and death that Israel and
the US rains down, more than a thousand
in um Iran already, 600 in Lebanon, and
of course 100,000 in Gaza at least um
it's just worth noting um
uh those numbers. Also, Bahrain arrested
the people that took that video. Um they
have arrested uh a number of people. The
numbers are not entirely clear, but
there was a report yesterday of six
people being arrested, migrant workers
that fit that quote filmed, published,
and reposted videos related to the
effects of Iranian aggression. And
again, linking back to what Ali was
saying about uh the Bahraini minister
this base uh
the US Fifth Fleet base is not so much a
mountain of fire as he called it as it
has not been able to do anything to
defend uh Bahrain from what we are
seeing. Um Number 21B here, we're going
to see the uh an attack on the Dubai
airport.
You're going to see a drone come in from
the right here
and um
it's going to hit just outside of the
terminal and you can see it just misses
a radar dome. It looks like that radar
dome might have been the target. Um but
this strike on uh the Dubai airport is
part of process of shutting down 14,000
flights in the region. Um Emirates
Airline is the world's largest long-haul
airline and by far the largest airline
in the Middle East and they are not
flying there. You see a close-up of uh
the Shahed strike there on the Dubai
airport. Um
Next up, we're going to see uh the
integrated air defense system of the
IRGC and the Artesh, the um
Iranian army
um knocking these um drones, US and
Israeli drones out of the sky. Um We
don't have an exact number on this, but
we've seen at least dozens of these
knocked out of the sky. At one point,
the IRGC uh said that they had hit 80.
Um it's um
somewhere between dozens and that at
least because we've we've shown you now
a dozen just on this program alone and I
don't pick all of them. Also, next one
is uh part of our weekly coverage of of
uh local farmers with um
uh with expensive American drones.
There's this local farmer in Lorestan
driving his Hermes 900 drone around
town.
Um
So that is the drone work that has been
done.
But this week the targeting um really
came to light on what on these bases are
being hit. Um if we take a look at
number 24, we're talking about the THAAD
radar essentially eradication from the
region. Um this is a graphic from the
Financial Times that shows you um we're
looking at the top radar at the top is a
half a billion-dollar radar. Um it's an
advanced warning radar uh upon which all
the system um not just the THAAD system,
but this we're talking about the THAAD
system here, the US's uh terminal high
altitude area defense system that tries
to intercept before they um come before
the missiles come back down into the
atmosphere. They're exoatmospheric.
Um And they use the radars from the uh
THAAD system is connected into all the
air defense uh systems and it's a very
powerful one and that's the efficacy of
the system is how powerful your radar
is, how sharp you're able to uh pick up
the trajectory, the launch site, and
calibrate all your air defense systems
on the way in. So when you knock these
out, you know, some people say it's the
heart or the eyes of the system of this
uh multi-billion-dollar system. It's a
three-billion-dollar system over the
course of its lifetime. Those single
radar um that got knocked out is at
least half a million and each of these
systems um each of these THAAD systems,
this considered one THAAD system that
you're looking at and it can have six to
eight um truck-launched interceptor
launchers, each one with eight. So six
trucks by eight is 48 launchers. Um
That's what they have before they have
to reload and that's a $700 million
outlay. And we know that last year they
only made 96 total interceptors for the
Patriot system. So, the system itself
and the interceptors is one part, but
the radar itself is part of the radar
for the entire system that is used by
the US and Israel. We can look at the
next slides. We can see the proof of
that here. This is the radar. It's
massive, you know, it's larger than a
um than the trailer uh
of an 18-wheeler. It's a significant
radar that has um
significantly higher, like algorithmic
algorithmically higher uh capacity than
the smaller radars that it passes off
to. And what it does is it takes the
initial reading, and then it's so large
and accurate and sharp, it's able to
tell the smaller radars who are don't
have that capability, it can tell them
where it's coming, and that allows the
smaller radars to then be more
effective. So, you take out the large
radar, now your small radars are not
effective. Um and this is a a problem
that for the US and Israel that will
compound itself. And replacing them in
battle
um is a long shot, although they're
talking about taking the Patriot system
out of South Korea. So, sorry about
that, South Korea, I guess, for the
Americans. Promised to protect you, but
actually we're just going to move your
air defense system cuz we uh are getting
ours all blown up. Um and these are hit
in These have been hit in um
concerted effort in radar communications
and air defense systems in Qatar, UAE,
Jordan, Bahrain, Kuwait, and Saudi
Arabia. Um we take a look at the next
slide.
Um you can see here the damage on
uh Muwaffaq al-Salti. This is the base
in Jordan. You can see the That's the
massive um
radar that you can see uh destroyed
there. We're looking at a satellite
image that is boxed that shows the
damaged structures. Um Satellite photos,
according to CNN, satellite photos show
a Raytheon AN/TPY-2
radar
um and support equipment used by the US
Patriot missile defense system was
destroyed in Muwaffaq al-Salti airbase
in Jordan in the opening days of the
war. Um and I reported on this in the
build-up to the war because Muwaffaq
al-Salti base um was being used for um
more fighter jets than we had seen.
There was at least 60 additional ones on
top of the US expeditionary wing. The
radar system for the Patriot um and the
transporter radar, manufactured by
Raytheon, according to the 2025 missile
defense agency budget, costs half a
billion dollars, as I have said. We'll
look another one. Um are we on 26 here?
This is another one showing um the base
from a little further up. Um but you can
see again, clearly see the damage. It's
out in the open in the desert, and you
don't see missed strikes all around it.
It looks like the precision of these
uh weapons um are not aerial weapons.
They're not missing by uh you know,
missing by 20 or 30 ft. You're seeing
direct on hits. Uh this image shows a
pair of 13-ft craters in the sand near
the radar system, suggesting that it may
have taken multiple attempts to hit the
system, which is split across 40, sorry,
five 40-ft trailers. According to the
CNN report, all appeared to be destroyed
or seriously damaged. So, they're
picking them off one by one. Um they can
do that with their uh with their drones.
The US has a really difficult time
finding the drones uh in themselves, and
they're using those drones to knock out
the ballistic missile defense systems in
these
uh countries. Number 27 here, now we're
going to look at the UAE. Again, you get
the same site, uh a before and after of
the system being destroyed in the UAE.
At least three buildings at the military
installation in Ruways and four at an
installation in Sadar, uh both in the
UAE, were damaged between February 28th
and March 1st, according to CNN.
Pull-through vehicle sheds used to store
store radar systems and Patriot
batteries at the sites were among those
destroyed. And the next one you'll see
again, um
um you'll see the destruction um the
before and after destruction of this
second one in um the UAE. Um and the
Iranians said on day nine, the
spokesperson for the IRGC said that uh
the highly advanced radars of the
Patriot system, which have an extremely
long range and have been have been
destroyed uh during operations to
suppress the enemy's anti-missile
defense in the region, four highly
advanced US Patriot system radars were
targeted and destroyed. The highly
advanced long-range Patriot radars
located in al-Udeid, al-Ruways in the
UAE, and al-Kharj in Saudi Arabia, and
al-Azraq, that's Muwaffaq al-Salti in
Jordan, were targeted and destroyed in a
24-hour period of time. Let's skip to
number 31 here,
um [snorts] cuz this is the uh early
warning radar in Qatar. And this is a
critical piece of uh of all of the air
defense. This is the most powerful
radar,
um and it's the radar upon which all the
other radars rely. And we can see here
that it has been uh totally destroyed
as well. So, very significant for a long
battle of attrition that the air defense
systems are already struggling to a
significant degree based on precision
targeting by the Iranian military. So,
that is the coverage of uh the Iran
front and the Gulf front. We're going to
move now to Lebanon, uh where there have
been now 10 days of war since this new
uh battle broke out. You can see Israeli
evacuation notices um as we reported
earlier, and we had an excellent
interview with Ruqaiya Ruqaiya uh
Shamseddine that people should
definitely check out. She was reporting
on the ground on these issues.
Evacuation of 760,000
Lebanese um on the move with basically
no warning. Uh a only 123 of whom are in
school and government shelters at this
point. Um the Israeli military says
they've uh dropped thousand bombs and
700 strikes in the first week, and
they've killed um 600, wounded 1,400
others um as we know from the earlier
reports on this show.
Um so, that is the map of uh Lebanon
that you're looking at there. The next
slide is Hezbollah's response. Hezbollah
said uh
uh we are warning the residents of the
northern settlements, essentially doing
what the Israelis do. You are required
to evacuate all settlements located
within 5 km of the borderline. The
aggression of your army against the
Lebanese sovereignty and civilians and
the destruction of civilian infra-
infrastructure and the campaign of
displacement it is carrying out will not
go unanswered. Head south. And Hezbollah
field reports um have been ending with
this line. The Islamic resistance is
committed to defending its land and
people, especially with the Israeli
enemy exceeding boundaries with its
crimes. It is Its response targeted
military sites. The Islamic resistance
Its response targeted military sites,
unlike the enemy's targeting of
civilians. And this is the minimum duty
to curb it and prevent it from
persisting in its dangerous objectives
against Lebanon, its state, its people,
and its resistance. Hezbollah has fired
over a thousand rockets since uh they
joined the war 10 days ago.
Um let's take a look at this first
operation. This is an anti-tank guided
missile strike um a long-distance strike
uh presumably with an Almas,
uh which is a reverse-engineered
anti-tank uh guided missile system that
uh Hezbollah captured during the 2006
July War. You can see that they This is
one of the Israeli positions. After the
war, Israel set up five advanced
positions inside uh
Lebanese territory. Um and this is one
of those five positions, and you can see
um no matter how much earth moving the
Israelis do, their Israeli the Israeli
soldiers always get up on top of that
earth mound that is supposed to protect
them,
uh and stand around and uh is what
they're doing. In this case, the IDF
reported at least five casualties from
multiple anti-tank guided missile
strikes on uh this base in that single
day. Uh this is from 3 days ago.
Um and like I said, it's one of five
forward bases inside of
uh Lebanon. And um
the Israeli army reported that two
soldiers were moderately wounded in a
Hezbollah missile attack on a military
post in South Lebanon on Friday
afternoon. Um several anti-tank missiles
were fired in the attack, and three
others were wounded later uh in strikes.
So,
um also in a separate operation uh a
couple of days ago at 3:00 a.m. near the
IDF outpost in
uh Margaliot and Manara. So, these are
the positions set up inside Lebanon. Um
They force uh the the engineering
vehicle the Puma engineering vehicle,
the 601st battalion, got struck. The
company commander went in with a
recovery bulldozer to tow the vehicle
out uh accompanied by two D9 armored
bulldozers. During the towing attempt,
an anti-tank uh or explosive projectile
hit one of the D9s, and two soldiers
were killed on the spot. Another officer
was uh injured in that as well. Um now,
let's take a look at the rocket attacks.
We're at 35 now here.
Um This uh rocket attacks on Kiryat
Shmona, which is in the top of the
Galilee panhandle. You can see the
Hezbollah crest there.
Uh, and the supreme leader Ali Khamenei
there beside him being saluted on the
front lines in these very dangerous
launches of rockets with uh
you know, Israeli um
Israeli
fighter aircraft, helicopters, and
drones in the air.
Didn't get the video on the show today,
but there's one released by Hezbollah
today where you can see them setting the
rockets with that over uh watch by the
Israelis. Um, let let's take a look at
the incoming.
Oh, okay. Sorry, there's a couple more.
Um, you can see the fighter in the dark
there
um moving away to safety after this
launch. And these um these count as one
operation, too, right? So, I'm going to
tell you how many uh Hezbollah
operations there has been, almost 200.
Um, but that's just number of individual
operations. That doesn't tell you how
many weapons were fired um cuz as we see
here, there's our multiple launches um
um in each time. And again with these
Hezbollah videos, they give us the map
of exactly what they are targeting.
Um, and you can see this is a multiple
rocket launcher, at least uh 14-barrel
rocket launcher that's going to be fired
at Kiryat Shmona here when the fighters
get the launch
uh coordinations typed into this
launcher. They can set it for a timer,
and then they can get out of the area
for um
counterfire.
Which is what you're
uh seeing the fighters do when they're
setting those uh launch boxes.
Um, and these are significant launches.
Um, these are heavier
um
so far they've been firing a lot of
heavier um weaponry, 302-mm
meter um
missile mi- rockets, and they have um
this is the Iron Dome system that you're
watching at now coming and attempting to
intercept. You saw one just there
fire into the community from a misfire.
Um, let's look at 36 cuz you can hear
that with the sound in
And you can see that's a pretty good
shot of how the misfire ended up in the
community. Um, 37 we also see uh
incoming rockets here.
And you can see the aerial battle. We're
watching the streaks across the sky.
That was uh that is This is the Iron
Dome versus Hezbollah rockets. And you
can see um the Hezbollah rockets have
the high ground advantage firing down,
and the missiles are attempting to
intercept. And you can just watch that
for yourself and see that the
interception rate is low. And with these
radars out, it is uh a strong
supposition that the Iron Dome used
those radars because of how powerful
they were um to help to assist their
systems.
Um, let's look at number 38 cuz we have
uh the launch of Hezbollah drones here,
which they have also been using as
multi-lay- multi-layered attacks. The
drones are um composite, so they um have
a smaller radar cross-section. And you
can see the Israelis have been having a
terrible time with this, as have the
Americans. Uh and the reason why the
Americans made a clone of the Iranian uh
missile
um sorry, Iranian drone because of how
effective they are.
Um, and so the Israelis have not been
able to get these um
to get many of these drones despite the
fact they have helicopters constantly
hunting for these
um across the desert in the south and
also in the north. And you're going to
see here the soldiers um see it coming
over and they open fire on it. We can
see in the next slide that uh
I called life after Thad.
Uh this is them This is the uh
rifle air defense system. It's not going
to hold up too well if that is the
long-term plan. And of course,
uh you might ask if they're firing into
their neighborhoods like that to try to
shoot down the drones, is there a
problem? Yes, there is. The IDF said
this week several homes in northern
Israel were damaged by helicopter fire
during attempts to shoot down Hezbollah
drones this morning. Um, the helicopter
used 30-mm cannons to shoot down the
drone over
uh the Lebanon border. So, those are the
pop bottle size um rounds from the
Apaches that you don't want falling in
your community. And they are because
they're failing to detect these in time.
Um, let's take a look at number 40 here.
These are Fadi sixes. These are heavy
uh extended-range rockets that um that
Hezbollah has um that carry a heavy
warhead, 150-kilo warhead. And here
they're aiming and showing you that
they're aiming at Israel Aerospace
Industries, which is the manufacturer of
It's the national manufacturer along
with Rafael. Um
But you can see the truck launch there,
and the operational security is not even
letting us see uh the whole truck
because they don't want to see to show
where this is being launched from. But
you can see the vertical truck launch
uh happening there. This was among uh at
this point uh
as of Tuesday, they had Hezbollah had
carried out 65 separate operations. Um
Israel Aerospace Industries manufactures
everything from unmanned D9 bulldozers
that we watched destroy Gaza um along
with the missile defense system. So,
they're using their uh rocket and
missile capacity to target the those
systems. And we'll see the next one.
These are high-quality operations. Uh
Hezbollah ability to pinpoint and target
the Rafael uh military manufacturer here
with a rocket barrage. Um
The uh Rafael is the manufacturer of the
Iron Dome. So, we have rockets uh being
fired at the Iron Dome maker. So, uh a
lot of significance, but also military
advantage to doing this for the same
reason the Americans are doing it. Um,
you target these systems um and attempt
to do a blinding operation is is
essentially what it is. And we saw this
on the first days of October over 7th um
when the the successful uh attack on uh
IDF bases was made possible by blinding
uh those bases to what they think that
they can count on uh to protect them.
Like
um
the Gulf states believe that this
missile defense system, which is not um
having its best showing here in one of
its first, if not its first ever active
combat. Um, these missile defense
systems have been sold to the American
public um you know, since Reagan, since
Star Wars um
to to try to shoot down uh missiles. So,
you're talking about hundreds of
billions of dollar program that we're
seeing in
uh in its final uh in in its peak
iteration. And one more, we can see uh
Nasser rockets. These are uh 302-mm
uh rockets that are have attached to
them. Hezbollah has retrofitted them
with a guidance system, so these become
guided missiles.
Um, and they're Hezbollah-built, and
they are going to target here um the
naval airbase uh the naval base in
Haifa. And the naval base in Haifa has
uh a lot of radars for maritime
tracking, but also it does dual function
of tracking the northern border. So, um
they are uh targeting these
installations, these radars for the same
purposes. And this is a significant
number of operations in the early days
for Hezbollah. They are carrying out um
th- uh average of about 25 operations a
day um from a group that uh if you
listen to western media or Israeli
military um
uh or Israeli politicians, that this
group was destroyed and degraded and
then couldn't fight back. And they
joined this war um
showing the exact opposite. Of course,
on this program people who are followers
of this program know that we did not do
that to Hezbollah. On the the war ended
in Lebanon. The Lebanon front ended um
with Hezbollah ground forces repelling
an invasion by the Israeli military that
numbered uh in the tens of thousands of
soldiers along the border, and they
couldn't uh infiltrate into Lebanon to
the areas that they wanted to because
Hezbollah was a considerable fighting
force that repelled them. Um, it's not
me surprising that Hezbollah is able to
mount this kind of resistance um because
you were sold a bill of goods on their
status
uh before. Um, one more, 43 here. We're
going to see again these guided Nasser
series rockets. There's two type
missiles. They're missiles because they
are they have guidance systems. Um
and you're going to see them target here
um a key
satellite installation in central Israel
that used to be a national satellite in
uh
installation, but was privatized. Um,
but it is the key download link from uh
from from space of satellite
communications, television
communications, radio communications.
And it's a um a satellite station and a
satellite farm. So, again, targeting um
and targeting it effectively as we're
going to see
uh coming up in this video cuz Hezbollah
has attached this video of dashcam
footage we're watching and there you see
the strike uh, on the right-hand side
there. So, um, dashcam footage that was
released by the Israelis uh, immediately
shows up in Hezbollah's video to prove
that they hit these targets which, by
the way, Israel denied happened, which
they do every time and that is what
working right now in this uh,
den of lies that we are living in uh, is
always challenging. So, uh, 44, there's
just one more. Was that him walking
around? Did we
see him walking around? He's going to
walk Israeli soldier here walking
around. You can see all of the a number
of the satellites destroyed. You can see
um, the main transmitter there also
destroyed um, at the satellite farm. So,
successful hits by Hezbollah. And just
to give you a sense, Hezbollah in the
first week carried out 153 operations.
So, in the first 7 days, 153 operations,
uh, 96 uh, into Israel, 57 into Israeli
positions inside Lebanon. The targeting
distance was 160 km. So, they've already
moved to the highest level um, of depth
of targeting as they were when the war
left off. They're not re-entering um,
the escalation ladder. They've targeted
36 military bases in those 153 attacks.
Um, they've downed three drones and
they've used 90 missiles, nine artillery
90 missile ops, 99 artillery ops,
um, 29 drones.
Um, enemy losses they suspect 19
military vehicles, um, 74 fortifications
and defensive positions, which is what
those berms that we saw them getting hit
on are and that is just one week uh, of
operations from Hezbollah.
So, that is the Lebanon front and I want
to show you a little bit from Iraq um,
before we wrap up here.
Um, this is the uh, Islamic Resistance
in Iraq targeting US bases. This is
their own compilation. They put these
videos out every day, multiple times a
day.
Um, but this is a compilation of their
attacks. They are targeting the
Operation Inherent Resolve base command
headquarters in Erbil.
Um, they're talking they're hitting
facilities all over Iraq. Um, the
Inherent Resolve command in Erbil is hit
daily.
Um, but there's of course American
positions all over Iraq that are being
hit. Um, the American presence
headquarters
at Baghdad Airport is being hit uh,
housing soldiers the housing units of
soldiers on the occupation base in Erbil
have been hit. There you can see some of
the aftermath of that. Um, and these are
with uh, largely with drones, although
we're going to see on the next slide a
um,
a cruise missile launched.
This is the Jamal 10. This is its debut
flight. It's based on the Pava IRGC
cruise missile that we saw launched
earlier and particularly the missile
that we cruise missile we saw during
Operation True Promise 1 and 2 when they
sent the waves of drones ahead of time.
Um, and the cruise missile. So, the
drones go slow, cruise missiles go
go faster. Missiles go uh,
on an arcing ballistic trajectory and so
when you send the three of them, it
sends a multi-layered um, attack and for
the uh, Iraqi resistance here, I mark
them down every day. They're at 291
operations. They're averaging almost 30
a day uh, against the American positions
in um, in Iraq and those um, the Pava,
the Jamal 10 that you saw, that cruise
missile, that can target Israel and they
said they did target Israel with that.
And with this one last slide, just want
to show you how the Americans are doing
here. The Pentagon has burned through
5.6 billion dollars worth of ammunition
during the first two days of its
military assault on Iran, according to
three US officials, a figure underscores
the deepening alarm among some on
Capitol Hill. 5.6 billion in two days to
basically watch their uh, entire
military architecture in the Middle East
be destroyed. So, that is the resistance
report for day 888
of Israel's genocide.
>> [music]